Sprint retrospective 2022-01-21
Present during meeting: Marco, Emma, Alexander, Oscar
* Were all issues finished: Yes and no, at the start of the sprint we did not specify if or which issues that would be finished, need better planing for next sprint
* For next sprint: Need better structure, especially more focus on backlog, but we all agree that we are on the same track with how we want the project to look like, a bit more focus on time management
* New things for backlog: Darkmode, parameters for user. More will come.

Sprint retrospective 2022-01-27
Present during meeting: Marco, Emma, Alexander, Oscar
* Were all issues finished: yes and we need to have a gameplan for when we run out of cards in sprint-backlog and add priority to cards.
* Plan better and use priority for when we need more cards from backlog because sprint-backlog is empty.
* prio 1 = high priority prio 5 = low priority and use prio 2 for cards that require prio 1-cards completed before they can be done.
* when sprint-backlog is empty pull cards from backlog to sprint-backlog based on priority.

Sprint retrospective 2022-02-04
Present during meeting: Emma, Alexander, Oscar. Not present Marco due to being sick and unable to attend.
* Were all issues finished: yes and no the additional issues weren't completed but the others were completed.
* We have planned better and priority on backlog has helped and we have added cards when needed.
* We have pulled cards from backlog into sprint-backlog during sprint when we ran out of cards.
* Instead of waiting for lecture-day to get help from Joakim the suggestion is to either send him an email or send a PIM.
Not elsewhere because that would be creepy.
* Have a full-team design-meeting to make sure everyone is happy with design and functionality of website. Have the meeting as soon as possible.